(Previously)
Are you alright?
So those guys were looking for you, Leo?
I'm moving out.
Where are you going to stay?
That's my problem.
I got his address.
Do you want to go live with him?
I'm sorry.
Just tell me how much money you need.
Keep your money.
I'll take care of my brother alone.
I'm sorry for the damage to the café.
It's okay. What's broken, we just have to fix.
Help me fix it, okay?
You drank way more than you can handle.
Next time, I'll just carry you home.
Why go home? Sleep here.
Lynx. Don't do that again.
Just a goodnight kiss then.
I warned you. Don't do this.
Lynx, it's time to open the café.
Why'd you come in?
I called out for a while. No answer.
I thought you were dead or something.
I'm fine. Just a little hungover.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just go set up the café. Go.
Hurry and come down.
Alright.
Thought we were busted.
Didn't I tell you to head back
before Leo woke up?
How was I supposed to go back?
Last night…
I got pretty scratched up by this cat.
Stop it. I'm going to shower now.
You should hurry home.
Don't let Leo see you.
Wait.
Why?
Afraid your brother
might find out and get hurt?
It's not that.
I didn't mean to hide this from him.
But Leo just went through
the whole thing with Dad.
When the time's right,
I'll tell him myself.
If you want me to keep quiet,
there's got to be a price.
What do you want?
Drop the formalities.
From now on, call me “P'.”
P'Tiger.
Ugh, no.
Why?
Just call me that.
Please.
Fine. P'Tiger.
What did you say, Nong Lynx?
I didn't hear you.
P'Tiger.
What did you say?
I still didn't catch it.
P'TIGER.
Yes, Nong Lynx?
I hear you loud and clear.
"Cat for Cash"
(Episode 8)
Since when were you two a thing?
Since the Korat trip.
I made the first move.
Lynx sealed the deal.
I didn't mean to keep it from you.
I just wanted to find
the right time to tell you.
You think that makes it hurt any less?
Tiger, you have to choose.
If you choose Lynx, I'll leave.
But if you want me to stay,
you two have to break up.
You don't need to ask.
I'd choose Lynx no matter what.
But you don't have to go anywhere.
I'll be the one who leaves.
Man!
So damn handsome. So damn dangerous.
Your pull is stronger than the WiFi signal.
No wonder you're my brother's boyfriend.
Leo! You messing with me?
My room's right there.
You think I didn't hear anything last night?
And don't worry.
Tiger's not my type.
I was just flirting with him
to mess with you.
My type is someone who looks smart,
a little nerdy,
and happens to have a medical degree.
Speaking of which, I miss Dr. Pom.
Go ahead and be sweet all you want.
I'm taking off.
You were loud.
That's because
you kept scratching my back.
Since Leo's giving us the green light,
I can fill you up with sweetness
without worrying about anyone, right?
Before that, how about filling up
the cat litter first?
Work alone takes up the whole day.
Who says I can't be sweet
while working?
♪ Name any star you want, I'll fetch that light ♪
♪ Or the sun that crowns the sky so bright ♪
♪ I'll go all in, give up every chip for you ♪
♪ I give it all because you're my love, one and true ♪
♪ Never gonna hit the brakes ♪
♪ Love you, love you, what can I do? ♪
♪ Only you, just you, that's all I'm asking for ♪
♪ Let me love you only, now and evermore ♪
♪ You're in my heart, I'll give it all because it's you ♪
♪ All in for your everything ♪
"OH MEOW RICE" IS ON THE MENU TODAY!
MY FAVORITE CAT
What's this?
I just updated our relationship status
on social media.
But…
can you delete it?
Why?
We're a couple now, aren't we?
Hey!
Isn't that Lynx, the café owner
who's officially off the market?
First you two were fighting,
and now suddenly you're in love.
When did that spark happen?
Can I get an interview?
Hello, hello. The mic is on.
My question's probably too hard.
Come on, no need to be shy.
He's shy. His face is turning red.
Lynx.
I'm sorry.
I don't like being teased.
I get awkward and…
I don't know how to react.
I'm sorry for being like this.
So many friends are
texting me to tease me.
That's why I don't like
sharing my personal stuff.
I deleted it.
I'm sorry for posting it
without asking you.
Next time before I post anything,
I'll ask you first.
Okay?
But if anyone asks,
I'll say I'm your boyfriend.
Hey, have you seen this online?
See what? I already deleted it.
No, not that.
I now know where our customers
have been going.
There's a new cat café nearby.
They post promo clips nonstop. Look.
Whoa! They all look great.
Look at that belly.
You've got to be kidding.
Come on.
We can't let this happen.
This is our turf.
We need to do promo clips to fight back.
(This is Jiro, the owner of Cat-Cheer Café
and a total heartthrob.)
(Gosh. When will Madame Mom
stop fixing me with some other cats.)
(My name is Jenny.
Are you still hiring waitresses?)
(My family's been drowning in debt.)
(You don't need to work here.)
(I'll hire you to be my fake wife.)
(What? Me?!)
What's that?
Why aren't we filming the cats' daily lives
like other cafés?
You don't know a thing, bro.
Vertical drama is a thing now.
If you don't believe me, check this out.
Look. I just posted last night.
The views are blowing up.
Wow.
I think I should go film
the Fake Date to Fool Mom episode now.
I can't help but feel a little jealous.
Yeah. I could never come up
with something like that either.
That's not what I meant.
I'm jealous of Jenny and Jiro.
They get to have sweet videos
to keep as memories.
Lynx.
Let's film some cute clips
and post them to our Stories too.
Can we?
Please.
It's not that you can't.
How am I supposed to be sweet
when there are people all around us?
Get ready to be famous.
Hey, Dr. Pom's coming.
What should I do?
I want to film them,
but I also want to see Dr. Pom.
Leave it to me.
I'll make sure they look
absolutely sweet on camera.
Cut!
Let me send this clip to Leo to check.
Are you guys tired?
Your acting was impressive.
I almost believed
you two were actually dating.
(Oh come on. We weren't that great.)
(I just followed the script.)
(Love can wait. Let me focus on work first.)
The footage is good to use.
We can go now.
Let's go, Jenny.
Are you hungry, Lynx?
I made you a sandwich.
I'm sorry.
I didn't prepare anything for you.
It's okay. There's always next time.
We don't look like a couple, do we?
So…
what would you like me to do?
I don't know.
I've never been
in a serious relationship before.
When we're out in public,
I honestly don't know how to act.
Lynx.
Can I hold your hand?
Don't worry about other people.
We'll take it slow and steady, our own way.
Mm.
I'll try to be a good boyfriend.
I won't be childish with you.
You don't need to try.
Just be yourself.
Look. Those are the cat café owners.
Excuse me.
Are you two the owners of
Cat-Cheer Café?
Yes.
Can we take a selfie with you two?
We want to show this
to our friends at uni.
Sorry, but how do you
know who we are?
Have you been to our café before?
No. We actually saw you on TikTok.
Your clips are really
blowing up right now.
We've been watching
your clips on loop all day.
So swoon-worthy!
May I ask what clips?
Jiro, do it like this.
ME AND JIRO SPECIAL #TigerLynx #OurCats #Catcafe #CatCheerCafe
What are you looking at?
Wanna get punched?
I'm sorry.
I saw Jiro and Jenny's clips blow up,
so I posted some
behind-the-scenes footage.
I was trying to make the cats go viral.
I just didn't expect them
to make you two go viral instead.
Don't worry about it, Lynx.
It's only 800–900 views.
No, it's not!
It's 800–900K.
It'll probably hit a million by tonight.
I'm sorry.
If I'd known you didn't like this,
I wouldn't have posted them.
I'll go delete them now.
Sorry, we're closed.
Hey. This man is Hongtae!
From the Hongtae & My Master channel.
He's the number one cat influencer.
Number two now, actually.
Everyone's talking about
the #TigerLynx hashtag now.
I was hoping to ask for a collab.
But if it's not a good time,
that's fine.
I can come back later.
Wait a minute.
What kind of content
did you have in mind?
Well, like other promo clips...
a café review with an interview
with both owners.
An interview too!
I think it's a no.
That's fine then.
Excuse me.
What's the feedback like
after each clip goes up?
Most of the cafés shut down.
What?
They got too many customers to handle.
I'm interested in the collab.
Thank you.
Are you sure you're okay doing this?
If not, I can talk to them for you.
I'm okay.
I want to promote the café for Mom.
If business picks up,
I can pay off the debt faster.
Okay. We'll do this like friends chatting.
Ready? 5, 4, 3, 2…
Thank you so much.
Today's shoot was so much fun.
The café sends up the cats.
The cats send up the owners.
Now the owners are sending me off.
Thank you too.
Today… was great.
Oh, next week I'm hosting
a charity cat fashion show.
I'd love to invite Jenny and Jiro
to walk in it together.
Not sure if you'd be okay sending them...
We are!
I'm happy for the fans.
They'll finally get to meet
Tiger and Lynx in person.
Hold on.
It's not just Jenny and Jiro?
Come on.
The cat owners have to be there too.
And it's not just a walk.
You'll need to perform something
so the audience can vote
to raise money for stray cats.
Sounds like fun already, doesn't it?
Lynx has to look after the café.
Can I go in his place?
Fine by me.
But I want your concept
to be about a wedding theme
so it matches
Jenny and Jiro's short drama.
You're okay with that, right?
If the cats look this good,
imagine their owners.
Okay. I think we got it.
Thank you.
Wow, you look great.
I can't wait to see the other one.
Wow.
Now that you stand next to Leo,
you two really look like
a couple getting married.
Right, Lynx?
Stop it.
Let this ghost ship sink here.
Tiger, go pick out the rings inside.
The rings?
Yeah.
If there are wedding suits,
there has to be rings.
This one's cute.
Yes.
It's kinda nice.
But are you really okay
with me wearing
this ring with Leo?
Yes, I am.
It's just a fashion show,
not a real wedding.
But to me,
if I have to wear this kind of suit,
no matter where it is,
I'd want the person
next to me to be you.
We already gave him our word.
We have to be professional.
I don't want to act childish
and make others feel uncomfortable.
I don't know.
Sometimes I want you
to be a little childish with me too.
How's it going?
Have you picked the rings yet?
I will let the professional decide then.
This is not my thing.
Have you gone to sleep yet?
Not yet.
What's up? Come in.
What's wrong with you?
Aren't you usually asleep by now?
I just wanted to ask about the show.
So what are you two going to perform?
Tiger can play piano,
so we're going to sing together.
Ah. Sounds nice.
So…
is the bed comfortable?
I've been sleeping on it for a week
and you're only asking now?
If you've got something to say,
just cut to the chase.
It's about Tiger, right?
Mm… here's the thing.
I don't want to be childish,
but my boyfriend wants me to be.
And you know what
the most childish thing is?
Right now I feel like I'm being childish.
You really don't need to worry about that.
No matter how hard
you try to keep it cool,
you're still childish.
Hey.
That didn't come from me, though.
Do you want to know who said that?
Lynx.
Lynx, get up and eat this congee first.
Then you can take your medicine.
Leave it there, Mom.
Let me sleep.
Come on. Get up.
You need to take your medicine.
You're sick.
You need to take medicine.
Come on, Mom.
This is congee from a famous shop.
This much ginger!
You know I don't like ginger.
It helps chase the sickness away.
Fine, I'll pick it out for you.
You know you get sick easily,
yet you still went out in the rain.
But the seniors asked me
to help with the cutouts.
You can't say no to them,
but keep saying no to me?
When you're sick, do those guys
pick the ginger out for you?
I'll do it for you.
I'll feed you too.
I'll feed you.
I can eat it on my own.
Come on. Let me do it.
That was a long time ago.
Why didn't she tell you
any of my other good stories?
But Mom also said
she liked it when you
acted childish with her.
It made her feel like a mother.
There aren't many people on this planet
you could act that way with.
Tiger wants you to be childish with him too.
It probably makes him feel
that you love him.
Pa,
can I join you?
Go ahead.
Hey, I heard
you and Lynx are official now.
When are you going to
introduce him to your mom?
If you wait any longer,
she might set you up with someone else.
Hey, easy.
Hey! That's expensive.
What's wrong with you?
Pa.
I friggin' hated myself today.
Today I unintentionally said
something hurtful to him.
I know…
he loves me.
But I'm just not sure
if our love is equal.
How long have you two been together?
Almost a month.
This morning…
your mom and I
were still sulking at each other.
Two people raised differently,
when they live together,
it takes time to adjust.
I want to make him happy.
But I ended up starting
an argument with him.
Don't be afraid of arguments.
As long as you still love each other
and never let go of each other's hands,
you'll always come to a better
understanding of each other in the end.
Oh, you're here, Tiger?
I'll go get the cats ready.
Today…
you have a check-up appointment
for Granny Juu, right?
Do your best.
Mm.
Sorry that I can't be there
to cheer you on today.
Well…
take this instead.
So the song Leo and I have to sing…
is a love song.
I asked to change it.
But they wanted it
to match the outfit theme.
Mm.
We're ready.
Let's get going
or we'll miss registration.
I'm heading out then.
Hey, I forgot the ring.
I told Tiger to go register first.
Leo.
Can I be childish just for a day?
CONTESTANT WAITING AREA
Hey, where's Leo?
The show's about to start.
I still can't get a hold of him.
I'll keep trying.
Alright. Hurry up.
Speaking of the groom, there he is.
What a relief.
I'm sorry. Traffic was bad.
We've got everyone, right?
I'll go check on the stage.
See you up there.
Okay.
How'd it go?
Did you find the ring?
No, I didn't.
I'll go rent one nearby.
If they come looking for us,
you go get ready first.
Okay.
(We really don't look like a couple, do we?)
(I've never been in
a serious relationship before.)
(I honestly don't know how to act
when we're out in public.)
(Don't worry about other people.)
(We'll take it slow and steady, our own way.)
(I'll try to be a good girlfriend.)
(I won't be childish with you.)
Jiro, Jenny.
Are you two secretly dating?
(Uh oh!)
Where, when, how?
(Well, almost a month now,
since the day the café got wrecked.)
(At the time, I was shaken.
I cried and didn't know what to do.)
(Jiro lent me his back to wipe my tears.)
(So I… caught feelings for him.)
Why does the plot sound familiar?
Why didn't you tell me?
(Jenny was afraid of getting teased.)
(You also didn't tell us
about you dating Lynx either.)
So you all knew?
(I'm not stupid. Come on.)
(What Lynx does for you…)
(isn't any different from what
Jenny does for me.)
Are you ready, Tiger?
The cats are already waiting on stage.
Leo's not here yet.
Oh, he's getting ready
by the side of the stage.
You'll see him up there.
Okay then.
Next up is the show from the cat café
that's trending right now.
Please give it up for Cat-Cheer Café!
♪ Can you feel it like I do? ♪
♪ Every moment passing through ♪
♪ For me, it's all dedicated to you ♪
♪ Since the day we met ♪
♪ You showed me what longing was ♪
♪ Now I know what love is 'cause I have you ♪
♪ And it isn't just fate ♪
♪ No one else could ever take your place ♪
♪ It's only you ♪
♪ You're more than the word “love” ♪
♪ What you are to me, my love ♪
♪ Just a glance, just a touch ♪
♪ This love will always belong to us ♪
♪ My love, every time I hear the word “love” ♪
♪ You're the only one I'm thinking of ♪
♪ I just want you to know ♪
♪ These arms are yours forevermore, my love ♪
♪ Whenever I look at the sky ♪
♪ I have no fear, you know why ♪
♪ Through the changing days and nights ♪
♪ I always have you by my side ♪
♪ And it isn't just fate ♪
♪ No one else could ever take your place ♪
♪ It's only you ♪
♪ You're more than the word “love” ♪
♪ What you are to me, my love ♪
♪ Just a glance, just a touch ♪
♪ This love will always belong to us ♪
♪ My love, every time I hear the word “love” ♪
♪ You're the only one I'm thinking of ♪
♪ I just want you to know ♪
♪ These arms are yours forevermore, my love ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ This word is meant only for you ♪
♪ This love will always belong to us ♪
♪ You're more than the word “love” ♪
♪ What you are to me, my love ♪
♪ Just a glance, just a touch ♪
♪ This love will always belong to us ♪
♪ My love, every time I hear the word “love” ♪
♪ You're the only one I'm thinking of ♪
♪ I just want you to know ♪
♪ These arms are yours forevermore, my love ♪
Sorry… I'm late.
You're here. That's enough.
(And the team that wins
the Popular Vote is…)
(Cat-Cheer Café!)
Yes!
Guess giving up my airtime
was worth it after all.
Next, Granny Juu, please.
Dr. Pom had an urgent matter today.
Another vet will check her up instead.
Oh? Where did he go?
His date just got back from overseas,
so he had to go to the airport.
Oh, it's fine then.
I just remembered…
I forgot to feed the cats.
I'll come back another day.
Sure.
So where's the cat
I need to check on for Dr. Pom?
They just went back.
Hey, why did you lock the doors?
Leo's not back yet.
I'm locking the doors
to interrogate some cats
for teaming up to trick me.
If I'd told you,
would you have let me go on stage?
You don't like crowds, do you?
And you didn't even rehearse.
That's true.
But I wanted to be on stage
with my boyfriend.
So I wanted to be childish for one day.
I'm sorry… for saying
hurtful things the other day.
Now…
I understand.
Our love may look different,
but it's equal.
(Ahem! Dinner time, guys.)
I'll bring the cats to their room.
Let's go.
Mom.
I've only been running this café
for just over a year
and I already have a trophy to show off.
Did you ever get one, Mom?
And it's not just a trophy,
I got something else too.
Once you have someone,
I'll get kicked to the curb.
Don't talk nonsense, Mom.
Why would I even need someone?
Being single is the best.
I don't believe you.
We'll see about that.
The only way I'd ever date someone...
he has to be handsome like a model,
come from a prestigious family,
hold a PhD,
and play for the national team.
With that list of yours,
good luck finding that person
in your next life.
Mom!
I think the person who can tame you,
has to be a man who looks fierce,
smoldering,
cool, edgy, and dark.
And he has to pick
the ginger out for you, just like I do.
You said that like
you could see the future.
JE MEOW
What are you talking to her about?
I'm just showing off the trophy to her.
Let me say something to her too.
Je Meow,
you once told me…
you'd give me the café and your son.
I first got the café
and now I have them both, Mom.
"Mom"?
Since when did you become her son?
I asked them to sell this to me.
I'd like to put this ring on you
right here.
And I hope…
it stays there for a long time.
Look!
Did you ever get
something like this, Mom?
Now that Je Meow,
Leo, Krapor know about us,
who's left?
Dr. Pom.
I'll tell him myself.
That's not who I meant.
I meant my parents.
Do you… want to meet them?
Whose phone is this?
Sorry. I left my phone here.
Is this the one?
Yes.
That's exactly what I've been looking for.
You mean the phone?
The person holding it.
And yes, that phone is mine.
If I change my mind
and get my cat checked,
is it too late?
Not at all.
I'm Dr. Pug,
Dr. Pom's brother.
How's she doing?
Right now?
Their heart is beating very fast.
You mean the cat?
No, me.
Oh, my name is Leo.
And though you didn't ask,
I'm single.
Noted.
(Next Episode)
I had something to deal with today.
I…bring you to meet them tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Isn't that too soon?
Oh! You're the one from the cat café.
Actually… Lynx and I are…
Tiger wanted to open a coffeeshop,
so he asked me to be his business partner.
Why did you lie to my mom like that?
Your mom wouldn't be happy…
because she wants a grandchild.
Can I sleep here tonight?